How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helped because I did not have to concentrate on each line of the entire file.  I was able to execute the FC program and have it target the differences.  At that point I could make a decision based on the recognized differences.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If I have the entire history of the file then I dont have to retain copies of the same file with slightly different names.  It also allows me to see how the file has gradually changed over time.
    
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	Pros of manually choosing are that your changes are in logical units.
	Cons of manually choosing is that you might forget or the data is lost through a system failure.

	Pros of automatically saved is that you never forget to save.
	Cons of automatically saved is that your work will not be saved in logical units.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Some version control systems allow the saving of multiple files because those files are closely related.  In some cases a single files may not be useful whereas the collection of files will be useful.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log shows you all of the commits one after the other in a list.  This allows you find a specific commit.
	git diff allows you to compare 2 files to find the differences.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	By using version control you are able to revert back to old code that you know is working.  So making a change to the code should not be something that would scare to deter you.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	I am planning on beginning a career in mobile development and I need to understand how git works for both my projects and any potential employers.
	